Update ads plugin doc (#378)
emqx/neuron-docs: en_US/configuration/south-devices/ads/ads.md

| Concepts           | Description                                                  |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| ADS protocol       | [ADS] (Automation Device Specification) is the communication protocol of TwinCAT. It enables the data exchange and control of TwinCAT systems via media-independent serial or network connections. ADS was designed to provide a standardized interface for communication between the controller and the user interface in a TwinCAT system. |

> | AMS Net ID         | The [AMS Net ID] is the address of the local computer in the TwinCAT network. It consists of 6 bytes and is represented in a dot notation (e.g., "1.2.3.4.5.6"). The AMS Net IDs must be unique in the TwinCAT network to avoid communication conflicts. By default, TwinCAT generates an AMS Net ID by appending ".1.1" to the IP address of the system. For example, in a system with IP address "172.17.213.60", the default generated AMS Net ID would be "172.17.213.60.1.1". But this is not always the case, the most reliable way is to check the AMS Net ID in TwinCAT. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AMS Net ID         | The [AMS Net ID] is the address of the local computer in the TwinCAT network. It consists of 6 bytes and is represented in a dot notation (e.g., "1.2.3.4.5.6"). The AMS Net IDs must be unique in the TwinCAT network to avoid communication conflicts. By default, TwinCAT generates an AMS Net ID by appending ".1.1" to the IP address of the system. For example, in a system with IP address "172.17.213.60", the default generated AMS Net ID would be "172.17.213.60.1.1". **Note**: For accuracy, always confirm the AMS Net ID directly within the TwinCAT environment, as the default appending of ".1.1" to the system's IP address may not be consistent in every instance.
```
